Hey.
Hey. Hey.
beat.
Beat.
Bring
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey,
Damn.
go go go.
All right, y'all. We are live on this
beautiful
this absolutely beautiful Thursday
morning. God bless you all in Jesus
name. As the title of the video says,
this is part two of our epic half
million short. We got 518K on the trade.
Bitcoin taking the liquidity from
yesterday at 76863 trying to get a CDW.
New York has opened. Are we going to
dip, grip, and rip? Are we going to dip?
Man, the chart is looking ambiguous.
More ambiguous than a fat
white, ambiguously gendered college
student majoring in trans, non-carbon,
binary, mission, genders,
intersectionality, Pakistani
inclusivity studies.
Big shout out to everybody in the chat.
Shout out to Alt Gun De Bratub Jason.
Got my own chickens now. God bless you
and God bless your chickens. May the
Lord bless your chickens in Yeshua's
name. Look, I pray over my chickens. I
pray over my chickens. I pray over my
homestead. I truly believe the Lord has
had favor upon this piece of property.
He's protected them. He's protected us.
90K is coming. Yeah. Are we going to get
the good old New York pump? A dump and
pump, right? This could be the dump and
pump. All right.
This could be the dump and pump. Shout
out to Edgar. He says 75K three bottom.
Yeah, let's let's let's do it. I'm down
for it. Shout out to Andrew Vanqui who
says yo yo. Shout out to Hamba who says
laugh hope so. Shout out to Flipper.
Frankie says yo yo J Sizzle in the
hizzle.
Shout out to Glint T444. Was so close to
shorting it but was at work. Dang. All
right. Bitcoin going to zero. Shout out
to Jose. He says good morning my man JC.
Shout out to OT51151.
Hi Jay. Hello. Right back at you. 90K is
cooking. Let's go, baby. Let's go. Let
us go. Shout out to Digi Gaming Pro.
Who says bro?
Digi Gaming Pro says, "Bro."
All right, let's see what's going on,
guys. Look at this. We are in the short.
All right, we were up like 12K. Now we
just lost 4 grand. We lost four grand in
literally seconds. Easy come, easy go.
Market makers, hear my flow.
It's pretty crazy, actually. All right,
let's see who else we got in the house.
Big shout out to Proverb the Messenger
who says, "What's up, Jason?" Not too
much. Look, I'm feeling kind of tired
today. I just hit upper body before
jumping on the live stream. I've still
got that post-workout pump,
but you know what? I'm feeling pretty
depleted. I'm I'm not going to lie. I'm
feeling pretty depleted
today. I don't know what it is. I don't
know what it is, but just chilling out,
you know, just coming to the charts. I'm
just coming to the charts. I'm just
hanging out with you guys, you know,
just a typical normal day on the
treadmill.
Big shout out to uh Bob Riley. He says,
"Let's go. I'm long on arrow and still
from yesterday and short on Bitcoin.
Let's go, baby." Shout out to Cell Beast
Danker who says, "Hi, JJ." Well, hello
to you, Cell Beast Danker. And for might
for fun says, "Yo, Eric Brew, trying not
to get cooked in May." I know they say
sell in May and walk away. Let's see
what happens this May. I'd launch this
area, but after the price comes back
close to break even, what do I think? I
don't know. I don't know. Look, here's
the thing. We're going to pop into the
charts and we're going to be discussing
uh exactly what what I'm seeing here
because obviously we are bouncing from
major support. It's it this is the point
of control of this whole entire section
here. I don't know that for certain, but
just based on the way it looks, I would
assume if we pull a volume profile.
Yeah, our our PC is right there. Let's
pull this all the way through. Yeah,
we're bouncing from the PC of this zone
here. Let's hyperfocus it on this area
right here. Yeah. Okay. So, this is
honestly to be expected. This is a very
key support. We came down to a macro
very key support. Let's not forget 76K
is the macro,
right? Let's let's not forget
where we have bounced from. All right,
let's pull the the range. It's a little
bit strange when you pull the range, but
look at where we bounced from, guys. The
back test of the macro value area high.
All right, look at the daily potentially
about to print the green dot. Look at
the 12h hour.
Very ambiguous. So, like I said, we got
some ambiguous signs on the chart. Man,
things are looking more ambiguous,
then you guys know what. All right.
Shout out to Anamanda Collective. Bro,
should hype finally follow Bitcoin back
down? Look, I don't know. I am not a
hype analyst here. I'll tell you this.
Hype in general is a bullish asset
because Hyperlid is a bullish
decentralized exchange. when things pump
like straight up, my mentality is I
don't worry about it. I don't think
about it. I don't care about it really.
Okay? Trying to I'm not good at I'm not
good at longing massive hockey stick
straight up pumps like that. All right.
And I'm not good at shorting them
either. So, is it going to come back
down? Yeah, of course. At some point,
it's going to come back down for sure.
Maybe it takes a high and then comes
back down. Maybe it does. All right.
But I can't give you a a real answer
about that. Okay. I'm sorry. Let's go,
bro. 76100. Easy target
to the downside. You think so? Huh? All
right. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
Let's go. You longed Dogecoin and got
wrecked just because I didn't set my
stop loss. Oh, I'm sorry. That sucks.
That's the worst. I hate when I do that.
I did that yesterday.
Shout out to Peaceful Warrior who says,
"Pump it." All right. Big shout. Big
shout. Big shout.
So, we've had ourselves the move here.
New York has given us the open. Let's
quickly take a look at the order flow
and see what we can see on the order
flow. Let's take a look at the order
flow and see what we can see. What
happened to my short? It's open. I'm up
eight grand. That's what happened to my
short. my good friend um Donald D 3843.
Donald D4843.
Keep your eyes on me.
And uh yeah, that's what happened to it.
All right, guys. Smash up the likes.
Smash them. Smash them. Smash them.
Smash them. Yeah, Anamanda Collective,
I'm sorry. Like, I am not a hype expert
over here, okay? I'm I'm honestly
when it comes to assets like that, I
don't trade them. I I don't buy them. I
don't I don't short them. I just wait.
If we start to form a range, that's
where I get interested. Okay, that's
where I get interested. All right, order
flow. This is where we will begin today.
Let's see what's happened. So to be
honest guys, from the time that we made
our low on Monday the 18th of May on
Monday the 18th of May where by the way
on Monday the 18th of May in the Casper
crew Discord I have been opening and
adding to long trades. All right. Just
like from the 10th of May, we shorted
and on the 14th of May we shorted
and yesterday we gave the short setup
and we gave the long from the exact low
yesterday in the New York open and the
short from the exact top yesterday in
the New York open a live stream. Just
throwing it out there. Okay. But since
we made that bottom on Monday, we have
not seen an increase of open interest.
really we have not seen traders uh
becoming interested in opening up
positions so to speak CBD is totally
flat equal number of longs and shorts
this is 100% chop city all right this is
100% chop city right now low volatility
trades chopping we're seeing these tight
tight consolidations
all right leading to big moves up and
down relatively speaking but still
maintaining within this tiny range. We
are not seeing conviction one way or the
other. All right, we are not seeing
conviction one way or the other. And as
we start to look at the chart, a few
things of note. Numero uno, we go to the
weekly chart. All right, let's put on
market cipher B. Guys, this is a tad bit
concerning here as we are starting to
see the momentum wave on the weekly
market cipher B start to top out. We are
starting to see the yellow oscillator
line come back down toward the zero
line. And when that happens, we will
print a red dot. All right, a red dot
when we get that confirmation of the
yellow oscillator curving down below the
zero line. And a red dot in the weekly,
guys, no matter what the context, even
in the most bullish scenarios, it means
we're pro we're getting some downside.
All right, you can't confirm a red dot
on the weekly without some downside. All
right, look at this. Like, let's even go
into the bull market, right? Let's just
let's back test the bull. All right, I
call bull.
You call bull. Let's let's take a look
at the bull and let's see what happened.
Right, even in the bull, look at this.
First red dot of the bull market, two
weeks to the downside,
ended up with 18% move to the downside.
The second red dot on the weekly in the
bull market gave us a 18% move to the
downside. The third red dot in the bull
market gave us a 24% move to the
downside. The fifth dot here
from confirmation gave us a 6% move to
the downside. All right, the sixth red
dot right here. This was a little bit of
a tricky one because we did pump up
after confirmation 8% but then we ended
up from that high dropping down 27%.
All right, another red dot right here.
What happens on this red dot? Big drop,
right? 25%. Every time, right? We get
one up here. Big drop. We get one right
here. Guess what happened? This one
actually gave us a pump. All right. So,
we've looked at eight. One of them gave
us a pump in the bull market.
And this one, actually, believe it or
not, we were bullish. If you guys
remember this time, if you guys remember
this back here in June, I did not trust
this red dot on the weekly. But whatever
the case, whatever the case, is a very
good chance that when you come up to a
resistance like this, you got yourself a
red dot on the weekly that we have some
weeks of downside. The two today. All
right.
ambiguous. Very ambiguous. The daily
very ambiguous. This is looking like if
we confirm a green dot that we could get
a big pump. Th if this thing confirms I
do believe we could make a new high
coming above $83,000. The question is,
is it going to look at the 12-h hour?
The 12-h hour right now is dancing on
the line. We've confirmed the green dot,
the big boy green dot, but the the
yellow oscillator is pointing back down.
And it looks like we want to play a game
of red dot, green dot right here. Okay.
Now, as we come down to the 4hour time
frame, this is where things get a little
bit hairy, a little bit scary. But I
want to point out something that my good
friend Kyle showed me this morning. All
right. As we are making a lower high,
the oscillator is making a higher high
and the money flow is getting lower.
That is a hidden bearish divergence. I'm
just going to throw that out there. All
right. We have ambiguity on the high
time frames. The medium time frames are
showing hidden bear divergence. We've
got it on our three-hour time frame as
well.
We've got it on hour.
Uh do we have it on the 1 hour? No, we
don't have it on the 1 hour, but
technically we do if we're going to take
it from the high that we made here. I'm
sorry for talking like Bill Gates. Um
but
sometimes I just can't help it. All
right. So, we do have some scary bearish
signs. And another thing I don't like
about this, guys, is the fact that this
whole run up has been very slow and
painful.
And we're breaking the trend line. You
know,
stairs up, elevator down is what they
say, right? Stairs up, elevator down is
what they say.
And so this
this is very I don't It's very ambiguous
because I've just given you a lot of
bearish signs on the chart. But now
let's take a look at some potential
bullish signs here. Potential bullish
signs, guys, are these. We are breaking
out of major resistance. Extreme
resistance. All right, resistance to the
extreme.
We have broken out of this
trend line
from the highs. We've we've held above
the value area high of the range for
quite some time. And it's pretty obvious
that where we are right now being this
support resistance flip going all the
way back to the spring of 2025 is super
super key. We we understand if we
reclaim this green box we could very
easily see a move up to the '9s.
All right. Other bullish things here are
we are coming down like I said to a
major support and as we look at what's
happening here on this support if we
turn our market cipher B especially if
we go down to our 4hour time frame our
3-hour time frame imagine the scenario
that would happen if we simply came down
took all this liquidity here cuz
remember people have been longing this
support they're trailing their stop
losses these are stop losses waiting to
be hunted imagine we come down here we
hunt the stop loss losses and then we
get a reclaim back up above this very
important support, macro support, not
the kind of support you expect a one
minute candle to get a quick wick
through on a Monday morning before New
York open and that be the bottom. You
don't expect that. You expect to come
down, back test, dip down, you know, dip
dip in a little bit more. Don't just
stick your toes in. At least come up to
your waist. Maybe do a dank cannonball
into the pool. Look, there's only one
way to get used to it. You go in slow.
It's painful. So you get the toes in,
you get the calves in. If you're a man,
you get the the the the the testicle
clees in there. It's very uncomfortable
at first. All right.
You just jump right in. That's the best
way to get used to it. Boom. Cannonball
in. Then bam, get the reclaim. Imagine
what market cipher B would look like
here.
All right,
you guys know what I'm saying. Bam,
baby. The uneven butt cheek pattern. Big
old juicy coming out. Dolores at the
diner with her coffee. Price
cannonballing into the key zone of
support. You can see right here the
point of control. Tip money in the right
hand pocket. Boom. The candles up to the
upside like the smoke from the dang
cigarette. All right. The market maker
is just sitting over here laughing with
his cigar cuz he knows.
He knows he's the one messing up.
Everyone stop hunting everyone. Okay.
So, we could have a very bullish
scenario
happening right here. like absolutely we
very well may
it really depends what happens I'd say
today now remember historically we're
heading into the month of June all right
the month of June
historically speaking is a strange month
for Bitcoin right you have the whole
sell and may walk away narrative
let's take a look at the monthly chart
here
and see what we can
All right. Now, on the monthly chart,
let's take a look at June's in the past.
All right. We got April, May, June right
here. Bearish month. All right. May June
right here. This June over here was a
nothing month. All right. Um
then we had uh we don't have June yet.
June is coming up next month. The June
before that
was right here. It was a bullish month.
Okay. see the June before that very
bearish. Now, here's what's concerning
right now in the four-year cycle. All
right, we are currently
in the June of the bottom of the bare
market, right? So, we are very similar
in four-ear cycle time to this June
right here. I don't know I if if this
May closes a red candle like that when
we zoom out here on the monthly chart I
mean
does we have to ask ourselves the
question does it look pretty does it
look nice that we have come up basically
to back test this monthly order block
that we made here from April 2025 we
pretty much wow I have not even noticed
this before but we tap it to the dollar
and then we close with a red candle M
not the best look.
Not the best look.
All right.
So, this is a huge make it or break it
zone, guys, between these two levels
right here. I mean, what happens between
this box? I mean, this is super
important. Super super important. All
right,
this is looking crazy right now. And the
Bitcoin price is taking a dump. We're
up, you know, $500,000 short. Up right
now almost 10K. Pretty crazy.
Um, I need to start showing Dolores
posters. I know, right? I do. I do.
The World Cup in June. That's for all
you European folks out there.
Right. Us Americans, we don't even know
what the World Cup is to be honest with
you. I don't even know what the World
Cup is,
you know?
But yeah, that's for y'all eur E
Europeans
with your with your with your with your
European football, right? Us Americans,
we play football with our hands. All
right? When us Americans play football,
first of all, we don't even use a ball.
Second of all, we use our hands. And
third of all, when we do good, we hit
each other on the butt. No homo. All
right? We wear really tight spandex
pants. We bend over. We're playing with
the ball with our hands.
That's how Americans do it. All right,
you Europeans, you have your World Cup.
All right, us Americans have a better
football. You know what I'm saying? Us
Americans have a better football than
you guys.
Uh, who made that incredible work of art
Dolores at the diner? Man, oh my god,
his name escapes me. But he has made
some really nice,
you know, I do have Dolores mugs. I'm
not even kidding. I have Dolores mugs.
In fact, I drank coffee from a Dolores
mug today. In fact, I love when people
come to my house and I say, "Would you
like a cup of coffee?" And I give them
the coffee mug that has this picture on
it. And they're like, "What is that?"
I'm like, "Oh, you don't know." They're
like, "No." I'm like, "It's Dolores. You
know who works at the diner?" They're
like, "Dolores?" Yeah. Yeah. You know,
the one with uneven butt cheeks.
I get to tell them all about Dolores.
You know,
Bitcoin dropping, baby. Bitcoin
dropping, baby.
Here we go. Here we go. Bitcoin dumping.
Bitcoin dropping. Bitcoin dumping.
Bitcoin dropping. Let's see.
Let's see what happens. Oh, man.
I'm not going to lie, guys.
I'm a little bit scared.
Let's see what happens here.
Let's
see what happens. Honestly,
All right. You're ordering a Dolores mug
right now. Why do we call it football if
we use our hands in America? I don't
know. There's a lot of strange things us
Americans do. I think it's just to be
different from uh from the uh
the Brits. All right. You guys want to
use centimeters and meters and have
everything nice divisible by 10?
We'll have none of that here. No, we'll
have none of that here. We're going to
use some strange awkward unit of
measurement that's totally different.
You know,
we just want to be different. You know
who won the war anyway, right?
England.
Who knows? The more you look into that,
the shadier it becomes.
You know, I'm convinced sometimes that
Thomas Jefferson was a double double
agent. A double double agent. He was
working for the Americans and for the
British and for the Americans.
that makes any sense. Crazy stuff, man.
But honestly, I'm I'm pretty convinced
America was just kind of created so that
the Masons could be free and accepted.
So the Masons could be free and
accepted. A new Atlantis, a new
Atlantis, a new world, you know. But
that's neither here nor there.
Um,
yeah, you tax our tea, we're going to
rebel against the government. Right
nowadays,
government doesn't give us social
security. We get our panties up in a
bunch, start complaining about it, don't
have benefits and all this,
but whatever, man.
Do I know cricket? No, I'm an American.
We don't play cricket, bro. Come on. We
play football with our hands. All right.
Of course, I don't know cricket.
What are the green lines on the big
macro chart?
Oh, okay. So, the big macro chart here
is this. It's our It's our back test of
the monthly order block here and the
value area high of the local range is
really what we're looking at here. All
right,
that's what it is.
You giveaway winners will be picked on
stream. Yeah, you know what? We'll do it
today. The UBIT giveaway winners, guys.
You giving away $1,000
today. We'll do it. The client funding
giveaway. We're giving away $5 $50,000
accounts. I think we'll wait until
another day to do this so that more
people have an opportunity to get
involved. All right, but this is legit.
If you're into uh trading on a crypto
profit, client funding, giving away five
$50,000 accounts, the only thing you
need to do is have currently or have in
the past had a funded account on client
funding using Jason Casper's affiliate
link. All right, for the UBIC giveaway,
you just have to have an account using
Jason Casper's affiliate link. All
right.
Um,
>> yeah, we will.
You have to know what a crumpet is to
play cricket. A crumpet, a hobnob, a
scone, a fancy. All those fancy treats
that people eat across the pond, baby.
All those fancy treats.
Good levels to look for longs. Well, in
my opinion, you know, the dip, grip, and
rip scenario is still the best for me.
The dip, grip, and rip is this. Dip,
grip, and rip. All right. Dip, grip, and
rip. It's like a deadlift.
All right. Dip, grip, and rip. This is
what This is what I want. This was my
plan from yesterday. Dip, grip, and rip.
All right.
Winners write history. Absolutely.
Yeah. History is told by the winners. By
the wieners.
Um,
yeah. So,
Crypto Gandalf says, "You'll own nothing
and be happy." I'm all about that. This
is why I trade perpetual futures. You
know what I'm saying? I don't actually
own this Bitcoin. I'm just taking a loan
from the exchange. I don't own it.
And I'm pretty happy trading this way.
You know, Claus Schwab's all about it,
my man. My man.
All right. Shout out to Leandro
Heria O2 from Brazil. Hey Jason,
greetings from Brazil. Bomb beanhas from
the paradise. Trading along the way with
you. God bless you.
God bless you.
Looks like we're holding the PC. It does
look like we're holding the PC. Let's
wait and see if we
hold the PC. All right. Can we look at
hype? Everyone wants about Everyone
wants to know about the hype on hype.
All right. Let's Let's see. Let's look
at hype. Everyone wants to look at hype.
Why do we want to look at hype? We're
making a new all-time high on hype. All
right. We're currently at a new all-time
high right now. So, what does that mean?
Well, I'll tell you what it could mean.
It could mean swing failure pattern of
the high. All right. So, again, I don't
This is stuff I don't trade. I don't do.
I don't I'm not I'm not a fan of this
kind of thing. Okay. But here's what
I'll tell you. If we close a daily
candle below this, that is a swing
failure pattern.
And we could look for a short. We could
enter short. Daily candle closes below.
stop loss goes above wherever we wake up
to. And honestly, where would I target
on this hype short trade? I would target
something like this. Let's go ahead and
pull our volume. Let's go ahead and pull
our fib.
I would target down to around this area,
this support resistance flip here.
Golden pocket,
previous support resistance flip. All
right, that's where I would target to.
Is it guaranteed to happen? No. Could we
bounce from the 382? at $50. Yeah. Would
I look for longs at the 382? Personally,
no. All right. Personally, no.
It's just too much for me. All right. I
I This is like I said, the assets like
these straight up. Obviously, you can't
long this. All right. You could, but
when we go up 25% in two days, I'm
sorry. I don't want to long that. All
right. The move has happened. The move
has happened. If we drop down
to a nice support, maybe then I would
look for an actual long. All right, so
right now, yeah, the beautiful place to
look for long is $45.
All right, major support resistance
flip. Fibonacci golden pocket value area
high from the low.
Fill all this garbage big pump up.
That's a nice support resistance flip.
Maybe then I get interested in something
like this. All right,
as long as we're not losing that 786
here, PC and then if this thing wants to
start to pump and form a range above the
previous high, fine. But really, um, you
know, do we have bearish signs on the
daily? Yeah, but we have bearish signs
on the daily here as well, right? This
is very overextended. Money flow is
coming way out. All right. If we're
going to get a drop, it's most likely
going to happen very soon. All right,
it's most likely going to happen very
soon.
The 4hour money flow is way coming out
here. We have an extremely over
overbought wave on the 4 hour. All
right, market cipher B at 91.229.
Money flow coming way out here. So for
me, as far as hype goes, if I was
interested in actually trading this
asset, I would be looking to do
something like this. I would say if we
close the daily candle below 59412 on
Kcoin chart then I would short
maybe I mean I don't know but definitely
if we start to dump here I would
actually get interested in buying this
thing on a drop of about 25%. All right
25% drop would be a beautiful uh long
opportunity for hype. All right. Now, at
the end of the day, we also have to
recognize that this thing is trading
sideways. So, I mean, we very well may
not even see a bounce from there. We
might come all the way back down to the
macro golden pocket value area low and
back test 30 bucks again. I don't know.
I don't know for sure. This is obviously
a very key support as well. Look at this
support. Support resistance support. All
right. This is a major support
resistance flip. It's the value area low
of the rise. So, you know, if this thing
is going to continue up, $45 is a very
important place to look for that bounce.
All right. Most likely, if we come down
here, we'll get a bounce from here.
Okay. Now, the question then is, do we
make a lower high and come back down to
this support
or
do we make a higher high and continue to
bounce? I mean, right now, I would say
this
is a pretty solid plan for hype as far
as swing trades go where I would be
interested in actually getting into this
asset here on the long side and the
short side. All right, depending again,
this stop-loss depends on the daily
candle. This whole trade depends on the
daily candle. If we're up at $71 at the
end of the day, well, this becomes a
really bad trade idea because if we hit
our target one, it's a one one, not
worth it. We hit our target two, it's a
2:1.
Is that really worth it? You're really
going to be shorting hype to try and
make a 2:1 when you could short Bitcoin
and make a 2:1 on the dang 5minute
chart. Like, come on. You know what I'm
saying? So these are areas where I would
get interested in entering into the
market on hype. But full disclosure, I
am not interested in entering into the
market on hype. All right, big shout out
to my man Alpha Trader the 2B super
chat. God bless you, Alpha Trader. Thank
you so much. Shout out to Sirm.
What about near?
What about near? Let's see.
I don't know what the heck this is here.
What about the near protocol?
What about her? Let's see. Well, I do
have to say that near has gotten a
bounce from support.
We've taken the liquidity with no
bullish divergences on the weekly,
no bullish divergences on the daily.
Um, we are unable so far to reclaim the
support resistance flip.
Um,
monthly has a confirmed green dot.
Let's turn it off log scale. Let's keep
it on log scale here. Uh, I don't know.
I I honestly don't know one way or the
other. Um, I could I could give you a
bullish case and that bullish case would
essentially be based upon this falling
wedge and the bottomed out momentum with
a target being the highs of the wedge
around 8 bucks. Right?
If we can flip the white line into
support, that is nice confirmation. All
right, that's a 180. The white line was
support was resistance in October 2020,
support in July 2021, resistance in
January 2023. It was support in June
2025. It was resistance in January 2026,
and we're currently testing it now. All
right. I don't know anything about near.
I don't know if it's an asset worth
holding or trading. I don't know. You
know, there was a whole wave the last
here's here's what happened. I'm just
going to be real and this is a sad
thing. All right, we all we all felt
this pain.
2018, people made life-changing money on
random altcoins. Life-changing money.
2020 2021
people made life-changing money again
and people got into the mindset that
these stupid altcoins
are going to be the next big bullish
thing to hold. All right.
And then 2024
reality set in.
Right? These are not good assets to
hold. All right? In fact, they're not
even really based on anything.
And so, there's a good case to be made
that maybe coins like near, I don't even
know what near is near going to go back
up to $20 a coin.
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know
what it is. I'm not buying it. I I are
are Are people buying near? I don't
know. Is money flowing into near enough
money to pump it up from where it is,
you know, a,000% is a or is near going
to be able to pump 1,000%. Are people
just on the edge of their seats to buy
near?
I don't know. I honestly don't know. So,
that's the thing you got to take into
consideration when you're looking at
this bullish chart. Chart could look
bullish. If there ain't no money coming
in, it ain't going nowhere. chart can
look bullish as heck because the
oscillator has to print no matter what,
you know. So, all the caveats for all
these altcoins, guys, is the chart could
look bullish as heck, but if there's no
money coming in, it does not matter. The
oscillator has to print a big bottom no
matter what. It has to. It's just a
mathematical formula. It's going to
print
based on
what it's given. So if it's very low
money, very low volatility, it's going
to print that
big old bottom even though there's not
much money. So look, with all these
coins, you got to take these things into
consideration. Now, if this was an asset
that I knew money was going to come into
this and that people were interested in,
it looks pretty nice. We're in a bare
market in crypto. We're forming a
falling wedge. If this was 2019,
I mean, I you just sell the farm to buy
this thing, right?
All right. Bitcoin holding the P.
What about Solana? Look, the the the
higher the higher cap coins, I think,
are much better places to put your
money. So, Solana, Maddic, Chainlink,
Avac, Cardano, Ethereum,
even XRP. As much as I hate XRP, all
right, these are coins that I don't
think are going to go away. The problem
is all of a sudden you had trillions of
coins coming out, trillions of new
projects coming out with all their cult
followings and this strange
phenomenon of people like like the con
the very concept of like the XRP army
like what kind of gay weird
thing is that where people like identify
with their coin,
right? That that was weird to me. You
know what I'm saying?
That was weird.
But
you know, you got all these dang
projects and everyone's looking for the
next get-richqu. But in my opinion, the
reality is right now the get-richquick
gains, they're still out there. The
problem is it's really hard to find them
now. Because if it's something stupid
like a memecoin or some new kind of
crypto that's randomly going to pump
like 20,000% by the time most people
find out about it, it's too late.
All right.
But slow and steady wins the race, guys.
All right. Slow and steady wins the
race. Bitcoin, Ethereum,
you know, eating out slow and steady
gains. That's the way in my opinion. I
could be totally wrong. Maybe next cycle
everything pumps. Maybe near goes to
$100,000.
All right. Maybe I was a little too
nearsighted.
Jason Casper too nearsighted.
Couldn't see the big picture that this
bullish falling bullish wedge near is
going to pump to 800 bucks. We're going
to pump up 74,000%.
It's possible. We've seen other assets
do that in the past. Let's check out the
order flow on Bitcoin. All right, let's
go down to the five minute time frame.
Okay, we are seeing people getting
interested right here locally.
Locally here, we are seeing we saw a lot
of um traders opening up here and we're
seeing traders opening up again.
Obviously, we had longs wrecked here,
but the longs are coming back in. They
are coming back in with conviction here,
guys. We're making a higher low. The
longs that got stopped out are back in
the game, baby.
The longs that got stopped out are back
in the game.
Uh, we got a sh we got a we got a super
chat in here. Big shout outs to my man
Joey
who says,
"Previously Phantom FST L1."
Oh, okay.
Uh,
is that this man?
Ooh, I could see that. I guess Phantom's
no longer a thing here. It's called
FSTL1.
>> Is it Is it this?
>> Uh, I don't know, man. I'm really sorry.
Thank you for the super chat, though. I
I don't know. I don't know what to say
about it.
I don't know what to say about it. Um,
yeah, but Joey Papito, I'm sorry. I have
no idea.
Uh,
oh, it's Wait, dollar sign S? It's
dollar sign S.
Why did I think it said FSDL1? Okay.
Dollar signs.
Is it Is this it?
What do I think? I I I don't know. Um
this is the kind of asset where
if you're bullish on it, get it. I I
there there's like we're in price
discovery to the downside.
We have some bullish div at the low.
We don't have enough data even to have a
weekly market cipher B.
Um
you know I so look from a purely
chartbased perspective here and again
this is like this is an asset I would
never touch personally. You know if you
have reason to be bullish about an asset
that's that's you and and your your
opinion like for me I don't know what
dollar sign S is. I'm not going to trade
it. I'm not going to buy it. Okay. But
when I look at a chart like this, I say
to myself, we are forming a sideways
range at the low. It looks like an
accumulation range and we have lots of
liquidity above. All right. Looks like
we could get a massive squeeze after
accumulation
and just rip through all this. All
right. Again,
this does not matter if people are not
buying dollar sign S. All right, but
yeah, it does look kind of bullish. It
does look pretty bullish, you know. All
right, someone says we're dumping.
Bitcoin's dumping, guys. We're up $9,574
on the half million short trade. All
right,
we got half a millie. I'm such a
hillbilly for half a millie.
Shout out to Divine Hood. He says, "Good
morning, Jay. I've been killing it on
the alt Neando and Ze have paid nice in
trades." Big shout out to Divine Hood,
guys. Make sure to go subscribe to him
on YouTube. All right. He's in the
Casper crew. He's got his own channel.
Check him out. All right.
Yeah. Shout out to Allan. That's what's
up. He says, "Y'all are hyped about Hype
Token. ATX is the next exchange token to
run." Absolutely. Antarctic token is the
next one to run. Shout out to Brooke
Beef. He says, "Dump, baby." He says,
"Big old huge dumperoni."
A dumperoni. A dumperoni. Do you call
this a dumperoni? I think it's phony.
You call this a dumperoni, but I think
it's funny. Phony. It's a massive
dumperoni, but I think it's phony. He
says it's absolutely massive.
Shout out to Brooke Beef.
Hey yo, Brooke beef says a dumperoni,
but I say that this is phony. This ain't
no dump. I'm calling baloney. Now sit
back, relax, and listen to your boy, my
homie. Uh, now here we go. Hey yo, J
Casher trading in the house. We're
coming to the PC. We're looking for a
bounce. And don't you know that we got
to take a peek to see if market cipher B
has any uneven cheeks? Hey yo, I know
you won't ignore this. I got to give a
big shout to Dolores, the waitress at
the diner. Couldn't look any finer.
She's coming out with some coffee to
wine. To wine you to da you to take you
out to Spina. Spina, another word.
I don't know.
I almost said something inappropriate,
so I have to stop.
Um, crazy price action. Let's check out
Let's check out hype. If hype is dumping
right now cuz remember there is a
potential here on hype for a big move
down.
There is a potential
for a big move down on hype if we close
the daily candle below 59412.
We could see a move down to $45
potentially down to 30 bucks. Trading
this sideways range here. All right. But
let's see about the Bitcoin here. Um,
held in the blue and held in the purple.
That Yeah, for sure.
Um,
$75,000 buy says Jack Boy TMP. Yeah, I
mean honestly
I uh would also be quite interested in
in a long from that area. In fact, we've
been looking for the dip, grip, and rip.
We've been looking for the dip, grip,
and rip. All right, what do you guys say
we do a Ubit giveaway? All right, we'll
do the UBIT giveaway, guys. Yubit giving
away,000 bucks. We're going to give $200
to five people. Here's what I need you
to do. Spam the YouTube chat with your
dang
user ID. All right, your dang user ID.
Spam the YouTube chat with your dang
user ID. The first five UBIT user IDs
will get the $200 to trade. All right,
now here's the thing. You have to be
signed up using my affiliate link. If
you're not,
then sadly
you don't get the money. All right.
So, go ahead and let's let's spam the
dang chat here. Let's go over to
the live chat.
All right. And let's see who the first
five are. All right.
We're going to see who the first five
are. Well, after I count down from 10,
we'll see who the first five are. All
right. So, you guys keep keep spamming
the dang chat.
All right, let's count down from 10. All
right, 10
6 5 4 3 2 one. Bam. All right, so we've
got our winners here.
We've got
the Rick 6065.
We've got David Stacy 1513. We've got
Ziki 774.
We've got Shinszel fan 123 and Sakura
Blows.
These are our winners here.
All right, the thick. Shout out to the
thick,
you know. Let's see.
I'll send this over to
one, two, three, four, five. I'll send
it over to Yubit
right now.
Cool. Just sent it on over.
Sakura blows. I probably said that wrong
and I apologize. All right. I apologize.
All right. So, here's the thing, guys.
There still is going to be the client
funding giveaway. and the client funding
giveaway. We're we're giving away five
$50,000 accounts. All right.
Five $50,000 accounts. All right. Now,
that is crazy. That's the craziest thing
I've ever heard in my life. All right.
It's like Corora Blows is laughing, but
is that the right way to say? Is it
blows or blows or blows or blasts? I
don't know. All right.
Big shout to our winners.
Big shout out to our winners.
Come on, Betty. Dip, grip, and rip,
baby. Dip, grip, and rip. Let's go.
Bitty boy. Bitty boy. Bitty boy. Dip,
grip, and rip. Dip, grip, and rip.
That's what we need. We need to dip,
grip, and rip.
Shout out to Dano Crypto. He says Sonic
is doing absolutely nothing and they
abandoned him.
Sonic the Hedgehog or is there a crypto
named Sonic?
Ziki 774 won twice.
No, I didn't win twice.
Sakura is a Naratu character. Everyone
hates. You said it right. Oh, okay.
Okay. Okay. I said it right.
Oh, Sonic, that used to be Phantom,
right?
No, you don't need to do anything after
purchasing a client account for the
giveaway. You just need an account
number so that they have a an account
number to associate with you.
Bullish parade has about 3k worth of
Elon before the SpaceX stock goes public
on June 11th. It's not gambling.
Is Elon a crypto?
Elon looks just like Sonic here. Sonic
the Hedgehog.
Yeah, it's not gambling at all. I mean,
what what's the best that could happen?
The best that could happen is thousands
of percent. You know, the worst case he
just goes to zero.
It's a pretty good risk-to-reward.
I longing this current level.
Um, no I am not longing this current
level, guys. All right. I am
looking to dip, grip, and rip. I'm
looking to come down below 76K. That's
what I want, you know.
Yeah. If you brought a if you bought a
client account with the promo code, then
that is enough. Absolutely. You are
eligible.
Eligible. You're eligible, my friend.
Mama Mario, it's me. You're eligible.
You're eligible.
Man, I this is Has this not been the
most boring week, guys?
You know, has this not been the most
boring week
of price action?
This has been absolutely painful.
All right, big shot to spicy noodle. If
it goes to zero, don't tell my wife. I
won't tell your wife. Bullshan parade.
Check oil. Four 1-hour candles opening
and closing at the same price. Let's
check out oil.
See
how do I just get to normal oil?
Is there an explanation point there? I
forget the dang ticker for oil.
Oh, I'm stuck on crypto. That's why.
Uh,
there we go.
That is very interesting. Look at that.
Is that a bull flag? Should I long oil?
Look at that. That is quite interesting.
Money flow curving up on the Uno.
Quite interesting.
Yeah, it's been like watching paint dry.
Seriously, what if the market doesn't
give you what you want?
Then you miss an opportunity. I mean,
what what do you mean? Then then you on
to the next on to the next thing, right?
On to the next thing. Here's the thing.
You always got to have multiple plans.
All right. For whatever happens. So,
that's that's how you're going to always
be ahead of the game in trading. You
plan for multiple scenarios. And then
when they occur, you take action. Right?
When one of them occurs, you take
action, right? I don't I don't want to
open up a long here.
Could we bounce from here? Absolutely.
Positely. Fruitly Froot Loops. Yeah, for
sure. F show.
Yeah. Uh, Divine Hood thinks we dropped
to 70 below 75. Yeah, we have that
liquidity for sure. Those two lows.
Uh-huh.
How long do you do Dolores t-shirts
based on the picture you use for me to
buy? I actually have Dolores t-shirts.
Let's see if I have Dolores t-shirts at
jasonaspertrading.com.
I do. Look at this.
I have the Dolores t-shirt. All right.
Isn't that funny? I have some merch. I
got the mugs. I've got the Casper Crew
hoodies and all this stuff. Chicken with
uneven butt cheeks on it. Uh but yeah, I
have Casper Crew hats. Pretty lame
merch. Honestly, I need I need Yeah, we
got the Dolores mugs.
Look at this beauty. There's nothing
like drinking your coffee out of a
Dolores mug,
you know?
Ain't nothing like it. Ain't nothing
like it. Ain't nothing like it.
Big shout out to Wanistrada. Shout out
to Logitech one. BTC holding strong says
uh Schwitzenville fan
on the 30 minute says Logitech one. I'm
drawing a little fib from the low to the
high. golden pocket plus a little PC.
Yeah, let's take a look. I mean, this is
this is a key support on Bitcoin on the
local time frame for sure. All right,
so we've got the golden pocket
and we've got the high volume node
right here. All right.
So, yeah. Could hold.
Could hold. But for my plan, I want to
dip, grip, and rip, baby. I want to dip,
grip, and rip.
Dip, grip, and rip. Do we ship to
Bulgaria? I don't know. Honestly, don't
know. I'm sorry. I don't know.
Yeah, I'm selling the mug, man. I mean,
I think I might have sold like two. No,
I definitely sold more than two cuz I
bought three of them.
I bought three of them. Here, I'll be
right back. I'll go get it.
Now this one, believe it or not,
you know this one, believe it or not, is
uh this is a misprint one where the the
Dolores butt cheeks are on the front
instead of on the side. But
this is some nice organic low mold low
acid coffee here.
Every morning I drink about 8 ounces of
black coffee. Between 6 and 8 ounces of
black coffee. That's the only caffeine I
do in a day.
Um,
so many ads do I only make trading
through YouTube ads. I'll show you how
much money I make on YouTube ads.
I'll show you exactly how much money I
make on YouTube ads.
I have made $900
in the last 28 days. About the same as
usual. About the same as usual. Um,
let's view more on my earnings here.
How far back can I go?
I'm not sure.
I don't really care about views or watch
time or subscribers. I really just want
to know how much money. Give me the
bottom line, baby.
I don't know how to like see more
details on it to be honest with you.
So, I made
On May 10th to the 16th, I made about I
have to do math. I have to do math. Come
on. I ain't doing math.
Look, on my live streams, I make zero
dollars, you know. Z.
Some of them they get demonetized as
well cuz I I uh sometimes play music.
All right, here we go. This is the
breakdown.
So, let's see. my 15 hour my five hour
live stream. I made 71 bucks. 71 bucks
on my five hour live stream.
That's crazy.
Yeah, YouTube ads is not the uh
it's not the way to make money on
YouTube. It it not anymore. At least
not anymore.
Maybe it was at some time.
>> It's on the left, right under my name,
says someone. I I closed out the window.
Whatever. It don't matter.
It don't matter.
Also, if you don't want ads, you can
just get YouTube Premium, right? That's
what I use. I don't use ads, especially
when I'm like giving my kids something
to watch. The last thing I want is some
like weirdo advertisement to come on and
scar their brains for life,
you know. Um,
yeah, scar their brains for life. All
right, I just got a notification from
BTCC. Space X's IPO reveals high Bitcoin
holdings. Oh, wow.
Breaking news.
Space X's larger than expected Bitcoin
holdings.
Let's see what BTC
has to say.
Oh, doesn't doesn't say anything because
I'm not logged in. Well, I got the
notification that says
that SpaceX is holding.
Tony the Silly Live says, "I made $7 on
revenue but 500 on donations." Yeah, if
if you want to make money on YouTube,
um,
how do I make money since I'm just paper
trading? Um, I'm a professional paper
trader, I guess. Uh,
I used to have I used to have an answer
for this.
Yeah, if you really want to make money
on YouTube, what you got to do is here.
Here's the blueprint for making money on
YouTube.
Um,
what's what's so strange to me is I've
met so many people who don't do this.
You know, there's a shortcut.
Here's what you do. You want to make
money on social media. You create
content that people want to see. All
right? So, whatever you're knowledgeable
about, start just talking about it. You
don't need a fancy camera. You don't
need fancy editing. You don't You don't
You're not trying to be Mr. Beast.
You're just trying to make some money on
the internet.
All right. Now, I started this channel
without a microphone, without a camera,
without a noise gate. My computer fan
was in every video, all right? But
people wanted the information because it
was helpful. So, start creating helpful
information with whatever you know
about. And then there's three things you
need to do. Number one, all right, the
lowhanging fruit is affiliate with other
products where you get commission. No,
now this is this is the first one you
should do, but this is not where the
majority of your money will come from.
The next two things are very important.
The second thing is have a product that
you sell, an ebook,
a course, something like that. The third
thing, very important, create a
subscription-based
community where people pay you monthly.
That's called passive income. All right,
those three things together are the
shortcut to make money. Now remember,
the internet is a place full of people.
You don't have to have billions of
subscribers. You don't even have to have
hundreds of thousands of subscribers.
You don't even have to have tens of
thousands of subscribers to start making
money on the internet. All right? You
don't. Here's the other thing about the
internet. When you put yourself out
there, people like will like you. They
will like you for you. Doesn't even
matter if you're the best at what you do
or not. People will just like your
personality. Some people will hate your
personality. They won't want you. Other
people will like your personality and
they'll want to support your channel.
They they'll want to buy your stuff.
They'll want to be in your community.
They'll want to give you all their
money.
All right?
I mean, it's it really is that simple.
Those three things, guys, people over
complicated. I know so many people they
wanted to start YouTubes. I don't have a
camera. I don't know how to edit videos.
I don't have a good microphone. I know
one guy had literally like tried out
microphones for freaking three months.
Are you serious, bro? You could have
already been making money by now.
Instead, you wasted it on three
microphones and you don't even need a
microphone.
That's just my two cents. All right.
That's just my two cents.
Is it easy to make a paid Discord? It's
only easy if you have te
to do everything for you. Big shout out
to T. She says the best way to do it is
just to wing it. Just wing it. You know,
build the dang plane while you're flying
it. You know what I'm saying?
Build the dang plane while you're flying
it.
Should we look at gold? All right.
We're about to pump to 80K, fam. Mark my
words. Okay, I'm hoping you're right. I
hope we dip, grip, and rip first. Let's
take a look at gold. Dip, grip, and rip.
Hang on, let me get to my normal gold
chart here.
Let's close off everything here. Let's
just take a macro look here.
Ominous.
Ominous. Ominous.
You know, the twoe money flow looks
decent.
The weekly looks like Okay, so here's
the deal, guys. The next bottom that we
get on the weekly is going to be, in my
opinion, a a very good buy signal. Now,
where do we come down to is the
question. I don't know. But there's
there's plenty of room before this thing
bottoms out here on gold. There's a few
supports that catch my eye. All right,
support number one. Let's see where
where was this? Was this April? Where
was the October low? Let's pull it from
the June 2025 low or the May low support
resistance flip. So,
just dipping below 4,000. We have a lot
of confluence here. First of all, we
have now this wick took some of the
liquidity. We still have more liquidity
to be taken here. And we have a
Fibonacci golden pocket. And so I would
say the zone between this golden pocket
and the 786 basically dipping down into
this box here where we have the support
resistance flip from 2025 and the
liquidity from 2026
or I guess the end of 2025. If we print
a weekly bottom in this box
that's going to look very very juicy
for for gold to get a move to the
upside. Um,
let's go back to the monthly time frame.
Let's take a look at our
volume here.
Let's take a look at our volume here on
the monthly chart. Did I Did I put that
indicator on?
Might not have clicked that. Hang on.
Uh,
there we go.
All right. So, we have a naked monthly
point of control right here within that
box. This is a very high volume node. A
very key place to look
for bounce. Let's see what else we got
here.
We've got one just up here, too, at
$4,000. All
right, let's go to our weekly.
Yeah, we we This is a
high volume node. We got Hang on.
We've got quite a few
to the downside here, dipping just below
4K. We have a high volume note on the
weekly.
We have a high volume node right in
here, too.
So,
let's turn this off. Now, these are
areas of massive support as far as
volume goes. Mix that with the Fibonacci
and I would say really
Yeah, I mean we have massive amounts of
confluence here between the 786 and the
618 there.
It's looking pretty juice,
depending on where we pull the fib from.
That next weekly bottom could look kind
of good. Now, let's go to the daily and
see what we're seeing here.
Okay, so the daily is money flow is
curving to the purple. We are obviously
consolidating here. Um, we had a really
oversold wave here. Money flow coming
out. What I would like to see, what I
would really like to see is money flow
starting then to curve back up. If we
see something like money flow curving
back up on the daily and the weekly
giving us a nice oversold wave, would
look pretty beautiful. I mean, let's
just take a look at that last oversold
wave on the weekly.
Yeah, like over here we started to see
the money flow tick up, right? We start
to see the money flow tick up. Could be
pretty nice.
People getting bullish again on gold.
Yeah, I mean gold is a super bullish
asset in in general. Like I'm a big gold
guy. I was a gold guy before I was a
Bitcoin guy. A gold guy before I was a
crypto guy, you know. But
but man, this is some boring price
action. I was hoping for a big move
today. I really was. I was hoping for a
giant massive move today,
but um sadly it looks like no.
And I know if I end this stream, we're
gonna drop like crazy. We're gonna dip,
grip, and rip. So, you know, I'm gonna
end the stream. If something happens,
I'll be back. All right. God bless you
guys.
Peace.